Disclaimer - All content published here is for educational and research purposes only.

The Hidden Wiki - deep web, dark web, onion links

http://zqktlwiuavvvqqt4ybvgvi7tyo4hjl5xgfuvpdf6otjiycgwqbym2qad.onion/wiki/index.php/Main_Page - Hidden wiki - Your starting point to dark web links.
http://jaz45aabn5vkemy4jkg4mi4syheisqn2wn2n4fsuitpccdackjwxplad.onion/ - OnionLinks - An updated collection of deep web links.
http://juhanurmihxlp77nkq76byazcldy2hlmovfu2epvl5ankdibsot4csyd.onion/ - Ahmia.fi - One of the most popular browser's for .onion url's.
http://duckduckgogg42xjoc72x3sjasowoarfbgcmvfimaftt6twagswzczad.onion/ - DuckDuckGo - The default web browser for Tor and onion links.

Tor project

http://2gzyxa5ihm7nsggfxnu52rck2vv4rvmdlkiu3zzui5du4xyclen53wid.onion/ - Tor project - The official page. Right now, Tor is protecting the privacy of millions of people like you!

Markets

http://vw5vzi62xqhihghvonatid7imut2rkgiudl3xomj4jftlmanuwh4r2qd.onion/ - The Green Machine - Forum type market with reviews.
http://netauthlixnkiat36qeh25w5t6ljyqwug3me6nprebo4s74lzvm3p3id.onion/ - NetAuth - Paypal accounts for sale.
http://n3irlpzwkcmfochhuswpcrg35z7bzqtaoffqecomrx57n3rd5jc72byd.onion/ - Cash Machine - Get your paypal, skrill, paysafe and more accounts here.
http://56dlutemceny6ncaxolpn6lety2cqfz5fd64nx4ohevj4a7ricixwzad.onion/ - Fish'nPal - 6 years old trusted platform for paypal and more.
http://hbl6udan73w7qbjdey6chsu5gq5ehrfqbb73jq726kj3khnev2yarlid.onion/ - Premium Cards - Selling risk free prepaid debit cards since 2012.
http://hssza6r6fbui4x452ayv3dkeynvjlkzllezxf3aizxppmcfmz2mg7uad.onion/ - Paypal Bazaar - Market with products from independent vendors.
http://queenca6q2msuakzse7dymq5uw2gvigflouwb76a5nxsgpz2zsaf5tad.onion/ - Queen's Cash - Get your bills here.
http://usjud6uoc5gxmrfyuid4hm3e2slisucbwwnviiltyvdp5pma2xsr7aad.onion/ - USJUD Counterfeits - All our bills are of 1:1 quality.
http://hrznstuh7fklpawxt5asormu5plwkqpnymnop4iptalt67ebpu5osiad.onion/ - Horizon Store - We sell zero-risk prepaid cards for online & ATM.
http://zwf5i7hiwmffq2bl7euedg6y5ydzze3ljiyrjmm7o42vhe7ni56fm7qd.onion/ - Onion Wallet - Safe tor based wallet for your dark needs.
http://d46a7ehxj6d6f2cf4hi3b424uzywno24c7qtnvdvwsah5qpogewoeqid.onion/ - Hidden Wallet - Store and transact your BTC coins from an anonymous wallet.
http://vu3miq3vhxljfclehmvy7ezclvsb3vksmug5vuivbpw4zovyszbemvqd.onion/ - EasyCoin - A great choice for privacy transactions.
http://ovai7wvp4yj6jl3wbzihypbq657vpape7lggrlah4pl34utwjrpetwid.onion/ - Virgin Bitcoins - Buy freshly mined new virgin bitcoins.
http://f6wqhy6ii7metm45m4mg6yg76yytik5kxe6h7sestyvm6gnlcw3n4qad.onion/ - CardShop - You will get a High Quality known balance cc.
http://zkj7mzglnrbvu3elepazau7ol26cmq7acryvsqxvh4sreoydhzin7zid.onion/ - Dark Web Hackers - They get things done quickly.
http://onili244aue7jkvzn2bgaszcb7nznkpyihdhh7evflp3iskfq7vhlzid.onion/ - UK Guns and Ammo Store - An old gun market on tor.
http://hyjgsnkanan2wsrksd53na4xigtxhlz57estwqtptzhpa53rxz53pqad.onion/ - EuroGuns - New and unregistered guns for sale.
http://7wsvq2aw5ypduujgcn2zauq7sor2kqrqidguwwtersivfa6xcmdtaayd.onion/ - Us Fake ID's - Our fake drivers licenses are all scannable, contain original hologram and UV, microprint, laser engraving etc.
http://wges3aohuplu6he5tv4pn7sg2qaummlokimim6oaauqo2l7lbx4ufyyd.onion/ - EUCanna - First class cannabis healthcare.
http://7bw24ll47y7aohhkrfdq2wydg3zvuecvjo63muycjzlbaqlihuogqvyd.onion/ - BitPharma - Biggest European store.

Privacy chat, mail, file upload

http://stormwayszuh4juycoy4kwoww5gvcu2c4tdtpkup667pdwe4qenzwayd.onion/ - CryptoStorm VPN
http://airvpn3epnw2fnsbx5x2ppzjs6vxtdarldas7wjyqvhscj7x43fxylqd.onion/ - AirVPN
http://twitter3e4tixl4xyajtrzo62zg5vztmjuricljdp2c5kshju4avyoid.onion/ - X (former Twitter)
http://mail2torjgmxgexntbrmhvgluavhj7ouul5yar6ylbvjkxwqf6ixkwyd.onion/ - Mail2tor
http://dnmxjaitaiafwmss2lx7tbs5bv66l7vjdmb5mtb3yqpxqhk3it5zivad.onion/ - DNMX email
http://dds6qkxpwdeubwucdiaord2xgbbeyds25rbsgr73tbfpqpt4a6vjwsyd.onion/ - Whonix
http://protonmailrmez3lotccipshtkleegetolb73fuirgj7r4o4vfu7ozyd.onion/ - Protonmail
http://lldan5gahapx5k7iafb3s4ikijc4ni7gx5iywdflkba5y2ezyg6sjgyd.onion/ - OnionShare
http://xmrguide25ibknxgaray5rqksrclddxqku3ggdcnzg4ogdi5qkdkd2yd.onion/ - XMRGuide - Monero
http://rurcblzhmdk22kttfkel2zduhyu3r6to7knyc7wiorzrx5gw4c3lftad.onion/ - Cock.li
http://tempmail4gi5qfqzjs2bxo3wf6eurpelxmior6ohzq5vw7aeay67wiyd.onion/ - TempMail
http://eludemailxhnqzfmxehy3bk5guyhlxbunfyhkcksv4gvx6d3wcf6smad.onion/ - Elude.in
http://torbox36ijlcevujx7mjb4oiusvwgvmue7jfn2cvutwa6kl6to3uyqad.onion/ - TorBox
http://mailcityi5k7ccf2cepjnqrroxtjrx2veaeiafda5dclognvutz22xid.onion/ - MailCity
http://pflujznptk5lmuf6xwadfqy6nffykdvahfbljh7liljailjbxrgvhfid.onion/ - OnionMail
http://ovhcd6qhuz22bid42pw7unwfqf7i55rghb5x62q4kxchjnk2gz2ot6id.onion/ - HobeMail
http://tp7mtouwvggdlm73vimqkuq7727a4ebrv4vf4cnk6lfg4fatxa6p2ryd.onion/ - Alt Address
http://bcloudwenjxgcxjh6uheyt72a5isimzgg4kv5u74jb2s22y3hzpwh6id.onion/ - BlackCloud
http://cwtchim3z2gdsyb27acfc26lup5aqbegjrjsqulzrnkuoalq5h4gmcid.onion/ - CWTCH messaging
http://sdolvtfhatvsysc6l34d65ymdwxcujausv7k5jk4cy5ttzhjoi6fzvyd.onion/ - SecureDrop
http://njallalafimoej5i4eg7vlnqjvmb6zhdh27qxcatdn647jtwwwui3nad.onion/ - Njalla VPN
http://o54hon2e2vj6c7m3aqqu6uyece65by3vgoxxhlqlsvkmacw6a7m7kiad.onion/ - Mullvad VPN
http://adamant6457join2rxdkr2y7iqatar7n4n72lordxeknj435i4cjhpyd.onion/ - Adamant Descentralized Messenger
http://notbumpz34bgbz4yfdigxvd6vzwtxc3zpt5imukgl6bvip2nikdmdaad.onion/ - Ableonion Chat
http://wbi67emmdx6i6rcr6nnk3hco3nrvdc2juxrbvomvt6nze5afjz6pgtad.onion/ - MadIRC
http://facebookwkhpilnemxj7asaniu7vnjjbiltxjqhye3mhbshg7kx5tfyd.onion/ - Facebook
http://artistzubelolngubx6pmd6w2xacl3yj7jllxjdnrhh7assk7ioevjad.onion/ - Image Gallery

Hosting

http://kaizushih5iec2mxohpvbt5uaapqdnbluaasa2cmsrrjtwrbx46cnaid.onion/ - Kaizushi's Little Onion Server
http://nicevpsb7u3vqpo5zhyahmvfi5tihon4gnh676ucmzpcyxwodeztr4yd.onion/ - Nice VPS
http://imprezareshna326gqgmbdzwmnad2wnjmeowh45bs2buxarh5qummjad.onion/ - Impreza Hosting
http://dwebkjkovsjobzrb45dz6prnlifnapiyp2dba33vcmcsaikr2re4d5qd.onion/ - Onion Land
http://fhostingineiwjg6cppciac2bemu42nwsupvvisihnczinok362qfrqd.onion/ - Freedom Hosting Reloaded
http://spore64i5sofqlfz5gq2ju4msgzojjwifls7rok2cti624zyq3fcelad.onion/ - SporeStack
http://hp3fgghdt2qwnltz5iotm35gsgtcdc5ytaegmqg72aedqultms6bzlad.onion/ - LandChad.net
http://vf7vsrexwb7e4j65idp4hq4eqlvjiwrnvi3jnb4st7oteer5tzgvhaqd.onion/ - FlokiNET
http://privex3guvvasyer6pxz2fqcgy56auvw5egkir6ykwpptferdcb5toad.onion/ - Privex Hosting
http://ax3zoslh2ujdq3joyibdn657mhjfxjm637vxiix7iilxnfbsabces4qd.onion/ - UDN hosting (UKraine)
http://incoghostm2dytlqdiaj3lmtn7x2l5gb76jhabb6ywbqhjfzcoqq6aad.onion/ - IncogNet hosting  (USA&Netherlands)
http://4wfsdhkbrdt6jwlozcmw2lzthoghgdrt3pty2vfre2ysdguvpazwfjad.onion/ - PrivateAlps (Switzerland)

Forums and News

http://p53lf57qovyuvwsc6xnrppyply3vtqm7l6pcobkmyqsiofyeznfu5uqd.onion/ - ProPublica
http://xjfbpuj56rdazx4iolylxplbvyft2onuerjeimlcqwaihp3s6r4xebqd.onion/ - S-nconfig
http://rutordeepkpafpudl22pbbhzm4llbgncunvgcc66kax55sc4mp4kxcid.onion/ - RuTor
http://c32zjeghcp5tj3kb72pltz56piei66drc63vkhn5yixiyk4cmerrjtid.onion/ - Raddle
http://dreadytofatroptsdj6io7l3xptbet6onoyno2yv7jicoxknyazubrad.onion/ - Dread
http://suprbaydvdcaynfo4dgdzgxb4zuso7rftlil5yg5kqjefnw4wq4ulcad.onion/ - SuprBay
http://enxx3byspwsdo446jujc52ucy2pf5urdbhqw3kbsfhlfjwmbpj5smdad.onion/ - EndChan
http://xssforumv3isucukbxhdhwz67hoa5e2voakcfkuieq4ch257vsburuid.onion/ - XSS.is
http://ej3kv4ebuugcmuwxctx5ic7zxh73rnxt42soi3tdneu2c2em55thufqd.onion/ - New York Times
http://darknetlidvrsli6iso7my54rjayjursyw637aypb6qambkoepmyq2yd.onion/ - DarkNetLive
http://reddittorjg6rue252oqsxryoxengawnmo46qy4kyii5wtqnwfj4ooad.onion/ - Reddit
http://exploitivzcm5dawzhe6c32bbylyggbjvh5dyvsvb5lkuz5ptmunkmqd.onion/ - Exploit.in
http://nzdnmfcf2z5pd3vwfyfy3jhwoubv6qnumdglspqhurqnuvr52khatdad.onion/ - NZ Darknet Market Forum
http://onnii6niq53gv3rvjpi7z5axkasurk2x5w5lwliep4qyeb2azagxn4qd.onion/ - Onni Forums
http://rambleeeqrhty6s5jgefdfdtc6tfgg4jj6svr4jpgk4wjtg3qshwbaad.onion/ - Ramble
http://bpynhpfpdydv6axdm2xeu6y6cbzed73aztxdjyq5gygblzt6v2zjegid.onion/ - SectaLab
http://dwnewsgngmhlplxy6o2twtfgjnrnjxbegbwqx6wnotdhkzt562tszfid.onion/ - Deutsche Welle
http://jamie3vkiwibfiwucd6vxijskbhpjdyajmzeor4mc4i7yopvpo4p7cyd.onion/ - JamieWeb
http://f2vfjp3jc37gxgn4hum4uf2bhi2w3kp4jbzdwegrn6bvtezbhminobid.onion/ - Vdare.com
http://lyeufajq7n43xog2bsdcyu3pqt56hucwcnwq2b4hnxlqhszk4alkhnid.onion/ - Emrawi
http://eux4gt4qcaiesps5w5rppxcenoe5shapwycums5yuiikmc4mpc74gpyd.onion/ - AnonGTS forum
http://bbcnewsd73hkzno2ini43t4gblxvycyac5aw4gnv7t2rccijh7745uqd.onion/ - BBC

Popular

http://t3qi4hdmvqo752lhyglhyb5ysoutggsdocmkxhuojfn62ntpcyydwmqd.onion/ - Tor status
http://lgmtjgfpqk6hpik7yygkhavqivn6wsmfa7s7vszmcxwqkpwodinbhnad.onion/ - No Tone
http://nv3x2jozywh63fkohn5mwp2d73vasusjixn3im3ueof52fmbjsigw6ad.onion/ - Comic Book Library
http://kx5thpx2olielkihfyo4jgjqfb7zx7wxr3sd4xzt26ochei4m6f7tayd.onion/ - Imperial Library
http://bible4u2lvhacg4b3to2e2veqpwmrc2c3tjf2wuuqiz332vlwmr4xbad.onion/ - Bible4u
http://keybase5wmilwokqirssclfnsqrjdsi7jdir5wy7y7iu3tanwmtp6oid.onion/ - KeyBase
http://cbsrdi4vw4orqehzp2f4a4z36pmqbr2jsbf3piofifncqdnbx6movryd.onion/ - RadioCBS
http://prepiitrg6np4tggcag4dk4juqvppsqitsvnwuobouwkwl2drlsex5qd.onion/ - Apocalypse Prepping
http://galaxy3yrfbwlwo72q3v2wlyjinqr2vejgpkxb22ll5pcpuaxlnqjiid.onion/ - TGx TorrentGalaxy
http://pirate6bonck35tq7yvbzy3q6z2ubwb2bcveb2ofaoffrcvuscenqcad.onion/ - The Pirate Bay
http://m6rqq6kocsyugo2laitup5nn32bwm3lh677chuodjfmggczoafzwfcad.onion/ - DefCon Media Server

Archives

http://tssa3yo5xfkcn4razcnmdhw5uxshx6zwzngwizpyf7phvea3gccrqbad.onion/ - Secret Story
http://archiveiya74codqgiixo33q62qlrqtkgmcitqx5u2oeqnmn5bpcbiyd.onion/ - Archive.today

Leaks

http://ddosxlvzzow7scc7egy75gpke54hgbg2frahxzaw6qq5osnzm7wistid.onion/ - Distributed Denial of Secrets
http://relateoak2hkvdty6ldp7x67hys7pzaeax3hwhidbqkjzva3223jpxqd.onion/ - RelateList
